Update Readme for external references, tutorials (#159)
netzob/netzob: README.rst

:Mailing list: Two lists are available, use the `SYMPA web interface <https://lists.netzob.org/wws>`_ to register.
:IRC: You can hang-out with us on Freenode's IRC channel #netzob @ freenode.org.
:Twitter: Follow Netzob's official accounts (@Netzob)

> Examples usage of Netzob, Tutorials and Detaild Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples usages of Netzob, Tutorials and Detailed Documentation
```

----------------
**Backup of www.netzob.org**

* http://web.archive.org/web/2016*/www.netzob.org  

**Detailed Netzob Documentation**

* https://gdr-securite.irisa.fr/wp-content/uploads/sujet17-amossys.pdf  

> **Example usage of Netzob Library**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Examples usages of Netzob Library**
```
